Adds new Meetup Organizers Toolkit (#9)
ansible-community/meetup: milestones/post_event_activities.md

## Gathering Feedback

> It is essential to gather feedback from the participants about the meet at the end of the meetup.It gives the insight to the organizers on how the meetup organizers can improve the meetup content and in any and every way. Presently there are the following platforms to gather feedback :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you gather feedback from the participants at the end of each meetup, you can use the feedback to continually improve your meetings.The easiest ways to gather feedback include:
```

> - meetup.com (Feedback tool)
> - Email
> - In-person feedback during the meetup
> - Relevant Ansible Matrix room

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in-person feedback during the meetup
- the Feedback tool on meetup.com
- email
- relevant Ansible Matrix room
```

## Plan for the next meetup

> Decide on the frequency of the meetup you as a group want to have it and then plan for the meetup as soon as possible after the current meetup is over. It gives attendees time in advance to plan for the meetup. Also encourage attendees to share the content for the meetup topic using any of the abovementioned tools and platforms. The meetup groups at liberty to use their preffered platform for communication. The private Matrix room helps to keep the connection alive and continue with the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decide on the frequency of the meetup you as a group want to have it and then plan for the meetup as soon as possible after the current meetup is over. It gives attendees time in advance to plan for the meetup. Also encourage attendees to share the content for the meetup topic using any of the above-mentioned tools and platforms. The meetup groups at liberty to use their preferred platform for communication. A private Matrix room for your meetup helps to keep the connection alive and continue the conversation between meetings.
```

# Resources

> Here are some example emails, social media posts to help the organizers with the different set communication while planning and excuting the meetup. The community members are welcome to share their ideas and contribute to the resources in the by sending a Pull Request [`ansible-community/meetup` Github repository](https://github.com/ansible-community/meetup).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are some example emails and social media posts intended to help organizers with communication while planning and executing the meetup. The community members are welcome to share their ideas and contribute to the resources in the by sending a Pull Request to the [`ansible-community/meetup` Github repository](https://github.com/ansible-community/meetup).
```

- [Email template once the event is announced](./resources/email_templates/speaker_communication_once_the_event_is_announced.md)
- [Email template for venue scout for the first time](./resources/email_templates/venue_scout_for_the_first_time.md)
- [Follow-up email for the venue scout](./resources/email_templates/venue_scout_follow_up.md)
- [Email template for after-venue confirmation](./resources/email_templates/venue_scout_post_confirmation.md)
- [Email template for reaching out Sponsor for the first time](./resources/email_templates/sponsor_reaching_out_for_the_first_time.md)
- [Follow-up email with the sponsor](./resources/email_templates/sponsor_follow_up.md)
- [Follow up email with the (venue) sponsor post confirmation](./resources/email_templates/sponsor_venue_post_confirmation.md)
- [Follow up email with the (food) sponsor post confirmation](./resources/email_templates/sponsor_food_post_confirmation.md)
- [Follow up email with the (Group Support) sponsor post confirmation](./resources/email_templates/sponsor_supporter_post_confirmation.md)

## Promotional post templates

> Here are some very basic social media post templates. Feel free to be creative, informative and fun with the posts. Reach out the speakers for their prespectives as well on the topic which they are going to take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some very basic social media post templates. Feel free to be creative, informative and fun with the posts. Reach out to the speakers for their perspectives as well on the topic which they are going to take.
```
